Added parallel compilation to bindings compilation. (#3173)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/plugins/gdnative/gdnative-cpp-example.rst

To generate and compile the bindings, use this command (replacing ``<platform>``
with ``windows``, ``linux`` or ``osx`` depending on your OS):

> If your cpu have more that 4 threads, you should replace -j4 with -j<number of threads>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up compilation, add `-jN` at the end of the SCons command line where `N` is the number of CPU threads you have on your system. The example below uses 4 threads.
```
